Mary Kastner: Hello, Sydney
Mary Kastner: You have an appointment, it looks like at 930 can you call back in, then
Sydney Kent: I'm 30 Oh okay, yeah.
Sydney Kent: They're telling me. Okay.
Sydney Kent: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Mary Kastner: You're welcome. Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Good morning.
Mary Kastner: Good morning. Hi.
Mary Kastner: I guess I need to put my video on huh
Mary Kastner: There we go.
Mary Kastner: Is your video on
Amber Hascall: I don't know where
Mary Kastner: There you go.
Mary Kastner: There. Okay. Hi, I'm Mary Kastner him a nurse practitioner in psychiatry.
Amber Hascall: Amber.
Mary Kastner: And we had an appointment yesterday, I think. And I'm glad to
Mary Kastner: Make another one. Good.
Mary Kastner: So what can I do for you today.
Amber Hascall: I don't know who said that I, you're a surface, right, or what are you
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm a psychiatric nurse practitioner and I you you being followed by
Mary Kastner: By Dr. Jackson, and she referred you I guess to me to see if we can help you with any kind of mental health needs.
Mary Kastner: So what's going on with you with your mental health.
Amber Hascall: Oh, I've always been to Christ, my whole life.
Amber Hascall: I've seen
Amber Hascall: But now I'm like, in the worst situation ever my son when I when I went the we were living with this.
Amber Hascall: Guy. We want to be living with my
Amber Hascall: Girlfriend. Who packed everything we moved, we had from Nebraska came out here.
Amber Hascall: And then just so we can still there.
Amber Hascall: So I had to pay your ex husband and it's out 1500 dollars a month and then it's written for removed out, I got in a fight with him and they sent me and to
Amber Hascall: 5150 and
Amber Hascall: Before I got to the phone was in 24 hours, my youngest son was on a plane to the staff sister, who is now filing party.
Amber Hascall: Custody against me.
Amber Hascall: And I think I might have just failed my school
Amber Hascall: Because I was too busy crazy about my son.
Amber Hascall: Now,
Everyone financial aid.
Amber Hascall: So I know
Mary Kastner: The day
Mary Kastner: When did this happen.
Amber Hascall: Just recently.
Amber Hascall: As last couple
Amber Hascall: Weeks or month. Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: So you were staying with a
Amber Hascall: With who
Amber Hascall: We were renting your my sister's ex husband's house because he was originally supposed to
Mary Kastner: Be renting it out again and
Amber Hascall: Now, yeah. He was supposed to move in with his girlfriend.
Mary Kastner: But then, you know, can you fix your audio.
Amber Hascall: Is a
Amber Hascall: Amber.
Mary Kastner: Can you fix your audio so I can hear it keeps going in and out.
Amber Hascall: I'm
Amber Hascall: Okay, no.
Can you hear me.
Mary Kastner: I think you have to speak. Yeah, I can now, but I think you have to speak right
Amber Hascall: Into your audio.
Amber Hascall: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. So you were staying with who, a friend.
Amber Hascall: No, my we came out here because my twin sister lives out here.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Amber Hascall: Stay with her and my oldest son was already out here for like a couple months.
Amber Hascall: And
Amber Hascall: We drove out here. My mom match drive me so she has a driver's license and she's crazy a meth addict.
Amber Hascall: And she jumped out of the truck and Reno and called my sister and then I had to drive the rest of the way. And all of a sudden we weren't allowed to stay with my sister, because I brought my youngest son with
Amber Hascall: Who she doesn't like or trust. I don't know. And the only other person. I knew in that town was her ex husband. So I called him and it just happened to work out that he was supposed to be moving out which never ended up happening and
Amber Hascall: You know, I have bad credit. I couldn't get out of there.
Amber Hascall: Is since I came out here and was supposed to help us and he never did. And then literally a couple days before I
Amber Hascall: Found an apartment I my son, pick me up from work. I was totally sober and we got in a fight about something.
Amber Hascall: It's like a 10 minute drive home and I like blacked out with rage and that's when I called the cops actually unless because
Amber Hascall: He gets involved in our arguments all the time and just made it worse and was yelling at my kids like he always says, so I called the police.
Amber Hascall: And now it's been completely compliant with them and they surrounded me and tackled me and put me into a 50 250 hold
Amber Hascall: And then when I seen the head doctor he showed me the paper that said why they put me in there and it says that I said I don't want to live here anymore. Not that I don't want to live in. And the doctor was
Amber Hascall: Ridiculous. You shouldn't even be in here.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. And when was this
Amber Hascall: That was on March 17
Mary Kastner: Okay, and that what was the name of the hospital.
Amber Hascall: Woodland memorial.
What
Amber Hascall: woodlands.
Mary Kastner: Memorial. Okay. So since that time, how were you living
Amber Hascall: And an apartment Sacramento.
Mary Kastner: Your own apartment.
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you living with anyone.
Amber Hascall: With my oldest son.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: And then the
Mary Kastner: The youngest is with the
Amber Hascall: Answer the Washington
Mary Kastner: Sister In Law. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay and so how's your mood today.
Amber Hascall: Also, great.
Mary Kastner: Sad again.
Amber Hascall: Not so great.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so are you are you very depressed.
Amber Hascall: I'm always very depressed.
Mary Kastner: Yeah so 10 being the worst depression. You've ever been had. What, what would you ate it.
Amber Hascall: This past couple weeks like 1000
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you sleeping at night.
Amber Hascall: I really
Amber Hascall: Encourage you when I wake up and I just started thinking about my son or my life and I can't go back to sleep.
is never the case.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, can you said you were in school.
Amber Hascall: Yeah, and I'm getting my masters and I might have just failed my classes because it's another longer story. But if if I did, then I lose my financial aid and I don't get to go to school anymore and that's what was paying my rent and that was
Amber Hascall: My only dream that I've ever had.
And then my
Amber Hascall: Because I was
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so you you think you may have fail because you didn't do your work or you couldn't concentrate or you were just
Mary Kastner: Trying that's what the situation.
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Amber Hascall: I tried to do it.
Mary Kastner: And are you on any medicine now.
Amber Hascall: I'm on. Well, I haven't had my box and and a few days because of holidays and they didn't have it but
Amber Hascall: I haven't had what my Suboxone
Amber Hascall: Okay, I get it. I'm going to get that today, but I'm on point five milligrams of collage open and then 150 milligrams of the factor.
Amber Hascall: And then I take a look, both by razzing my profile. Right.
Mary Kastner: Hundred and 50 of effects.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. And is that working for you.
Amber Hascall: I don't think so. I don't know.
Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Yeah didn't sound like it does it.
Mary Kastner: No, I'm
Mary Kastner: glad it worked for you in the past.
Amber Hascall: I didn't know I was taking it for like a year before.
Amber Hascall: I mean, I think it did work for me when I first started taking it.
Amber Hascall: Okay.
Amber Hascall: Now it's not legit.
Mary Kastner: Let's go up on it a little bit. Let's add a 75 to the 150 and that'll put you up to 25
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay. And then what do you do to get yourself to sleep.
Amber Hascall: She
Amber Hascall: I don't know, I just sit here and try to make my brain stop my watch. She gave me something, but the doctor my insurance didn't approve whatever sleeping mesh, and that was my problem is most sleeping pills film work because it's my brain doesn't stop.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Just keep well the effects are may help that. But, um, so you've tried trezza don't
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And you've tried things like Benadryl or add or x, which is another anti histamine.
Amber Hascall: Like out of band or whatever.
Mary Kastner: No exception at it and a histamine. It's called hydroxide seen pami
Amber Hascall: Oh yeah, I've tried
Mary Kastner: tried that. Okay. Neither one of those worked
Mary Kastner: Well, okay.
Mary Kastner: So let's get you to sleep.
Mary Kastner: Should we give you a little bit of restaurant.
Amber Hascall: Just to get you to sleep for
Mary Kastner: A while. It's not something you want to take every day.
Mary Kastner: Okay, it's a benzodiazepine
Mary Kastner: Have you ever taken Ambien
Amber Hascall: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, that's another thought. Okay. Okay, so, um, is it. Is there a way we could, you know, send a letter to your school to help you get out of
Mary Kastner: You know, failing the classes.
Probably
Amber Hascall: It could definitely help me.
Mary Kastner: Okay, we will be glad to do that. Are you using any substances. Now, any marijuana any new
Amber Hascall: Team marijuana and I think
Mary Kastner: Okay. How often are you, babe thing.
Amber Hascall: Right, quite often.
Mary Kastner: And hope you have a nicotine cartridge
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay just realize it. That will keep you awake nicotine is a stimulant.
Mary Kastner: So we need to
Mary Kastner: Can you, would you be willing to try something to
Mary Kastner: Lower the use of the nicotine like a patch or gum.
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, maybe we should do both together because they are more effective.
Mary Kastner: Ok ok ok so that's what we're going to do. We're going to order us some Ambien
Mary Kastner: We're going to increase the effects are and we're going to get some nicotine patch for you and you said you're using in gum you're using marijuana
Mary Kastner: Yeah, how often
Amber Hascall: Every day.
Mary Kastner: Again, that might contribute to your sleep problems. So if you can try to cut that down.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any chronic pain.
Amber Hascall: Not really.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: And how's your diet.
Amber Hascall: Actually, I haven't been eating at all lately.
I don't know. I
Mary Kastner: Okay, just realize that all of these medications work on a neuro chemicals in your brain. And these neural chemicals are produced from protein breakdown amino acids.
Mary Kastner: So if you don't fix your diet, you know, you're not going to have those neural chemicals needed for mood sleep concentration in your brain.
Amber Hascall: Oh, you have to make sure you're eating well balanced three meals a day with protein.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And your, your son is how old is living with you.
Amber Hascall: He's 18
Mary Kastner: Okay. Can he cook.
Amber Hascall: We're barely okay
Mary Kastner: So you probably need to work with him on, you know, kind of self care for himself by teaching him how to cook.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and show him of course within
Mary Kastner: You know role modeling, how, how to take care of yourself nutritionally
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okie doke. So I just need to get some information from you.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any medical problems.
Amber Hascall: Just my hyperthyroid
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Ever had a head injury.
Amber Hascall: Well,
Mary Kastner: Okay, lost consciousness had seizures.
Mary Kastner: Have migraines.
Amber Hascall: I've lost consciousness lift a lot
Mary Kastner: From what
Amber Hascall: Oprah. Just saying.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you have a narc not can rescue kit.
Amber Hascall: Oh, I have one. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Do you know where it is.
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Sure, it is not
Mary Kastner: Make sure it's not expired and your son knows how to use it.
Amber Hascall: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Or anybody else that you see regularly any trouble with your vision or your hearing.
Amber Hascall: Um, I have contact
Amber Hascall: Okay, we're fantastic. I think my hearings. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your sinuses your teeth, your gums your mouth.
Amber Hascall: My teeth are falling apart I ever had a car to go to
Amber Hascall: The dentist. I do, too badly.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so put that on your list your to do list.
Mary Kastner: Opioids you note can destroy the bone structure under your teeth. So make sure you're flossing.
Amber Hascall: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your heart.
Amber Hascall: Not that I think so.
Mary Kastner: No. A with me is murmurs hypertension, chest pain.
Mary Kastner: It covered with frequent pneumonia, bronchitis, asthma, any trouble with your
Lungs.
Amber Hascall: I do have mild asthma.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your stomach heartburn.
Mary Kastner: Gallbladder problems hemorrhoids heartburn.
Mary Kastner: hernias hepatitis ulcers.
Mary Kastner: Each trouble with your urinary system frequent infections.
Amber Hascall: I just have frequency abuse.
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Amber Hascall: I just have to go frequently
Amber Hascall: Great clips for frequency. Okay.
Mary Kastner: When's your last physical exam.
Amber Hascall: The day I was going to get one the other day, but
Amber Hascall: They said, I'm not do for another year.
Mary Kastner: So, because that is a requirement for our program. We have a recent physical exam, which would include normal blood work, including a UA to see if you have frequent
Amber Hascall: So like a normal
Amber Hascall: Physical exam.
Mary Kastner: I did one of those other thing.
Amber Hascall: I was going to get a
Amber Hascall: Pop the other day, but I did he took my blood and everything.
Mary Kastner: So, okay. And did you they send you. Did you send us the records from woodland
Amber Hascall: Um, no. I can do that though.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, sign a release of information so we can get those
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with arthritis or muscle problems bone problems.
Amber Hascall: I have a cemetery operators, but I haven't been diagnosed with it yet. I just know that I have it because my grandma did. And my twin sister best and my hands are
Mary Kastner: Okay, so that's something to a blood work would help with as well.
Mary Kastner: Um, any trouble with your skin.
Amber Hascall: I have
Amber Hascall: Mild eczema. That's about it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what do you do for that.
Amber Hascall: lotion.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any thoughts that you want to hurt yourself.
Mary Kastner: Or have you ever had those thoughts.
Amber Hascall: Know,
Mary Kastner: Any, any actually plan to hurt yourself.
Mary Kastner: One attempt. Okay. Ever been diagnosed with bipolar illness.
Amber Hascall: My mom bipolar. No.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Any trouble with your thyroid. You said low thyroid you're taking thyroid medicine.
Mary Kastner: In trouble with any with diabetes anemia cancers.
Amber Hascall: I just found out that I'm lactose intolerant.
Mary Kastner: But
Amber Hascall: Other than that.
Amber Hascall: I don't know about anything else.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any history of infections HIV STDs tuberculosis hepatitis.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any allergies to medicine food or the environment.
Amber Hascall: Just practice.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then have you had some trauma.
Amber Hascall: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Can you tell me a little bit about it.
Amber Hascall: My entire life is in
Amber Hascall: Trouble. I had to deal with my mom and her husband when I would start to me.
Amber Hascall: She put needles of methods, my arm when I was 15 and then I ran away from home and
Amber Hascall: Both my sons dads are abusive and
Amber Hascall: Now they've sold my son.
Amber Hascall: I pretty much everyone I've ever been around is abuse me
Amber Hascall: Yeah, I'm a toxic people attractor. I don't understand that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Um, one of the things once we get your medicine is for you to come and see me in a group setting.
Mary Kastner: And I just follow you on on the group.
Mary Kastner: Through your meds. If you need if you have any trouble with the medicine or if you need a refill, and they'll group, I'd like you to attend is Tuesdays at noon. If that works for you.
Mary Kastner: The therapists there works a lot with trauma patients. So it might be a good fit.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: So, have you had any surgeries.
Amber Hascall: I'm just the one
Amber Hascall: When I did the
Amber Hascall: They made my urethra figure
Amber Hascall: Okay. And then I had the two sections.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any family history, besides your mother of substance abuse or mental illness.
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Amber Hascall: All of them, and my
Amber Hascall: My aunt committed suicide.
Amber Hascall: My dad is a pilot.
Mary Kastner: And your aunt is on your dad side.
Amber Hascall: rant on my mom's side.
Mary Kastner: A maternal country can committed suicide and your father's an alcoholic and Muslim mother's a meth addict. Any other mental illness and your sister or other siblings grandparents cousins aunts, uncles,
Amber Hascall: They're all just all it's
Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Okay, including your sister.
Amber Hascall: She was but
Amber Hascall: You have
Mary Kastner: You have any other siblings.
Amber Hascall: I have a younger sister.
Amber Hascall: And actually, our Daddy just found out
Amber Hascall: isn't technically our biological
Amber Hascall: Father, so I just met my sisters on Facebook, but I haven't talked to my biological father
Amber Hascall: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You don't know much about his history then
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any seems like you finished high school
Mary Kastner: Where were you raised
Amber Hascall: In Nebraska, mostly in Nevada.
Amber Hascall: And then I ran away when I was 30 so
Mary Kastner: Okay. And where did you finish high school
Amber Hascall: I got my GED and
Amber Hascall: The juvenile prison.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then you said you got a bachelor's degree.
Amber Hascall: In graphic design.
Mary Kastner: And graphic where
Amber Hascall: Oh, I got my associates at
Amber Hascall: The bedrock and Omar
Amber Hascall: Then I got my bachelor's, I don't. And Lincoln, Nebraska.
Amber Hascall: And then right now I'm looking online at the San Francisco artists food.
Mary Kastner: Okay, great. And where I have you worked
Amber Hascall: I've worked in salons mostly like great clips and cost cutters, which is where I'm looking now a great clips
Work the new
Mary Kastner: Graphic design for them.
Amber Hascall: Yeah, no, I'm a stylist.
Mary Kastner: Enjoy.
Amber Hascall: Find one which is my new
Amber Hascall: School, but
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, right now I'm a possibility so
Mary Kastner: Okay. So you went to cosmetology school
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you having any medical issues right now runny nose, cold FEVER. COUGH.
Amber Hascall: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. So, um, what we're gonna do right now is some is get these medicines ordered
Mary Kastner: Do you how you feel like your focus and your concentration is
Amber Hascall: Very bad.
Mary Kastner: And how about your memory.
Amber Hascall: Streaming
Mary Kastner: Bad. Okay, so another thing we could add as well beautician it to help you with the smoking. So the raping so
Mary Kastner: The efficacy or the success rate with a nicotine abstinence is with a dual program either a patching gum or a patch and Wellbutrin or gum and Wellbutrin well beauty.
Mary Kastner: And anti depressant, but it's used
Mary Kastner: For smoking cessation and also focusing concentration, it helps with the energizing giving energy and helping with the executive functions of the brain so
Mary Kastner: As well as with cravings.
Amber Hascall: Is that an SSRI.
Mary Kastner: Know it's a norepinephrine, dopamine agent.
Mary Kastner: And that's why it's so good with cravings.
Mary Kastner: Because it helps with doping me
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So think about, you know, which you'd like to try the side effect of Wellbutrin can be insomnia. So you take it in the morning. You don't want to take more than protest prescribe because it can lower seizure threshold and you don't want to give it to anybody who's had a seizure.
Amber Hascall: I've taken it before and I didn't like to feel a long time ago, but
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: So maybe we should do the dual the to nicotine agents, then
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You really need to get you off the baby, um,
Mary Kastner: Can you get in the shower and get dressed yourself.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: He ever have any
Mary Kastner: psychotic symptoms, where you hear things see things feel feel paranoid fill the TV has special messages, people can read your mind.
Amber Hascall: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so, um, this is talking a little bit to the transcriber because this is being recorded. This is Amber Haskell. She was referred by Tracy Jackson MD after a champion for 1720
Mary Kastner: She's been followed
Mary Kastner: Therefore, I guess opioid use disorder. Is that correct,
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay and so she's on Suboxone and recently she said some family issues, it's close to increase depression. Back in April HER Ph q nine
Mary Kastner: Was 17 moderately severe depression GAD 719 severe anxiety audit see for destined for
Mary Kastner: She has a child welfare services cases that correct that your youngest son is up with is on Washington
Mary Kastner: You've been in residential treatment twice. Is that correct for you. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Disorder and recently she had a 5152 woodland hospital in Sacramento. We want to get the
Mary Kastner: The records from that.
Mary Kastner: She actually got off for heroin, a year ago in Nebraska. Is that correct,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and she's had pretty difficult life. I'm hoping that you can add to both the medical history in the family history and the psychosocial history with the data that was recorded in this recording
Mary Kastner: She has
Mary Kastner: Only allergy is to lactose intolerance.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: Today what we're going to do is work on her depression, anxiety, not anxiety, insomnia and mental status exam. She's functioning independent
Mary Kastner: Just cognitive difficulty with focus and concentration and memory and mood and after depressed. She's appeared. She appears her state at age.
Mary Kastner: Kashi dressed good eye contact on time speech weight and volume coherent normal thought process appropriate for agent development normal content logical non tangential
Mary Kastner: No hallucinations, delusions during today's exchange insight and self reflection on today's issues noted is adequate for main concern is to be get back on track. So that she can maintain her schooling and
Mary Kastner: Her financial aid for the schooling and she's had some drop off in grades, even though she's tried to do her work.
Mary Kastner: She if you could put in psycho social she is no longer smoking cigarettes, but she's fake beeping for pretty much throughout the day and she's using marijuana daily, both of which can of course affect her sleep and she gets very little sleep so diagnoses.
Mary Kastner: Will be
Mary Kastner: Made. Have you been in
Mary Kastner: You said you've been in Wellbutrin before. Have you been diagnosed with depression in the past.
Amber Hascall: Yeah, I have MTD Major Depressive Disorder anxiety and OCD.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how did, how do you have the OCD, what, what do you do that shows that
Amber Hascall: I do
Amber Hascall: Wear a little thing like I have turned my keys around a bunch times for my car and I get bad thoughts in my head and paranoid all the time.
Amber Hascall: Just
Mary Kastner: What do you mean I'm paranoid all the time.
Amber Hascall: Like if I'm driving in a car. I think we're about to crash.
Amber Hascall: Every time or I get the thoughts like something's going to happen to my kids like they're gonna get kidnapped every time they walk out the door or
Amber Hascall: I don't know, just certain things.
Mary Kastner: When do you ever have panic attacks.
Amber Hascall: I have before. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And what happens when you have a panic attack.
Amber Hascall: I just can't breathe. And I just, just kind of stop and
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. So these bad thoughts come
Mary Kastner: Frequently, or are they triggered by something
Amber Hascall: They just come
Amber Hascall: All the time. They're just there.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. So there's feelings of impending doom around your own safety and your family safety.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so, um,
Mary Kastner: Does it keep you from going outside.
Amber Hascall: I'm
Amber Hascall: Kind of sometimes
Uh huh.
Amber Hascall: I mean, I can't drive right now, so I don't really go outside, unless some takes me so I don't like walking. So I guess. Yeah, I can get my car. Then I feel more safe, I guess, I don't know. I get nervous around lots of people sometimes and
Amber Hascall: Sometimes that doesn't bother me, but
Mary Kastner: Are you afraid of anything in particular.
Mary Kastner: Not really, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, so another issue we uncovered was poor nutrition. She's not eating well
Mary Kastner: So diagnoses really major depression.
Mary Kastner: Major Depressive Disorder recurrent panic disorder with modified
Mary Kastner: agoraphobia.
Mary Kastner: It continues disorder.
Mary Kastner: And of course the diagnoses that Dr.
Mary Kastner: Jackson has, I believe, the opioid use disorder. So our plan is going to be that we're going to increase effects or two to 25
Mary Kastner: Daily. We're going to add Ambien
Mary Kastner: 10 milligrams, I would start with half
Amber Hascall: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And make sure that your
Mary Kastner: Son has the keys. We don't want you getting up in the middle of the night, driving
Mary Kastner: Till we know you don't have any of these what we call parasomnia
Mary Kastner: Once you start sleeping well I'd like to see you back off on the Ambien
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, and then
Mary Kastner: We're going to give you nicotine four milligram gum and 21 milligram patch you remove the patch at bedtime. Because again, nicotine can keep you awake.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And the way you use the GM it you park it
Amber Hascall: Okay.
Mary Kastner: People park it down here where you would keep snuff are up here kind of where your teeth in
Mary Kastner: Those are the two areas at the mouth of saliva glands come in. And so when you feel a need to vapor. You take the gum out chew it. It should have a little popping type activity.
Mary Kastner: And then you can park that again should not have that parking popping activity, then it's time for a new piece of gum.
Mary Kastner: Okay, there's such thing as nicotine toxicity.
Mary Kastner: Which can cause nausea and rapid heart beat sweating. So if that happens, you've got too much nicotine want to back off.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: As far as a panic. Are you going to continue to take the Klonopin when you have the panic.
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then I'm going to get your, um,
Mary Kastner: I wouldn't take it routinely. I would just take it when you have the panic. We're going to get your records.
Mary Kastner: Woodland and
Mary Kastner: If you haven't given us labs. We definitely. Yeah, there's a urine drug screen, but I don't see
Mary Kastner: The labs.
Mary Kastner: So we need for you to get those done and I guess they were sent to quest.
Mary Kastner: I'm going to ask that we get them.
Amber Hascall: Okay cuz I asked if I can have them sent from my doctor, he just did that but
Amber Hascall: Either way, whatever it's easier.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Call I'll have somebody call you to coordinate where to get the labs.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Apparently there's one down.
And then you
Mary Kastner: Okay, a quest down the street or
Yeah.
Amber Hascall: I guess I
Mary Kastner: Don't have to call you to figure out where to
Mary Kastner: Send yeah difficult
Mary Kastner: And I'm
Mary Kastner: Okay. Oh.
Mary Kastner: So do you have enough effects or 150
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm just going to order this 75 so you take the two together.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Imagine it's the same
Mary Kastner: Pharmacy that you go to, yeah.
Mary Kastner: The other thing is if you have a blood pressure cuff, you should manage your blood pressure.
Amber Hascall: Okay.
Amber Hascall: That is, but
Mary Kastner: You don't know what your blood pressure, it's
Amber Hascall: Notable a couple
Mary Kastner: If you can't, then go into a drug store.
Amber Hascall: Oh, and just
Mary Kastner: Check it. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Looks like it's going to CVS on Arden way.
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Me just send them a note, cuz my next person is not here.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then we're going to get the Ambien
Mary Kastner: And I, I would say, cut it in half because you just don't know how you're gonna tolerate it, and we
Amber Hascall: Don't want to knock you out completely.
Mary Kastner: And remember, we don't. We really don't want you driving so
Make sure your son.
Mary Kastner: Your son no grass.
Mary Kastner: Has the car keys.
Amber Hascall: Okay.
Mary Kastner: To see work.
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And anytime you take a benzodiazepine like this, or the Klonopin with Suboxone
Mary Kastner: You are accepting the risk then own deaths that we have with him with benzo with Suboxone are those that with people who have also take them concurrently with
Mary Kastner: A benzodiazepine
Mary Kastner: Never going to get the nicotine gum and can patch. So all of these things should help your insomnia. If you work on
Amber Hascall: Getting
Mary Kastner: Your diet taken care of.
Mary Kastner: You start doing some physical activity, even if you don't want to go outside. You know, like I did some chair exercises before I started this morning, um,
Mary Kastner: you lower your nicotine use lower your marijuana use all of these things.
Mary Kastner: Will
Mary Kastner: Nicorette sentiments surge. I never heard of that.
Mary Kastner: You know, there's the nick of trial inhaler. I wonder if your insurance would pay for that.
Mary Kastner: Let's just, let's just go with a gun or
Mary Kastner: Nicotine
Mary Kastner: Nick go
Mary Kastner: Correct.
Mary Kastner: Okay, four milligram gum.
Mary Kastner: And we'll give you 100 pieces for now.
Mary Kastner: I'll give you the patch.
Mary Kastner: And then I will see you Monday or Tuesday, see what
Mary Kastner: Next Tuesday is
Mary Kastner: The second. So I'll see you then.
Mary Kastner: In group you check in about 1145
Amber Hascall: Okay.
Mary Kastner: At the front desk and they'll tell you what what room number. If you have problems with any of this, don't wait that long call in and let us know.
Okay.
Amber Hascall: All right, thank you so much.
Mary Kastner: You're welcome. Nice to meet you.
Amber Hascall: You too.
Amber Hascall: Bye Bye bye.
Donna Jochimsen: I did call in, because sometimes
Donna Jochimsen: I went into do labs and they didn't have the order. So I called to make sure they had to order and they did advise me if it wasn't necessary not to come in.
Mary Kastner: Well, this is necessary. This is. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: This can be life threatening. So, you know, the symptoms of lithium toxicity. Correct.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, I do.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you feeling manic at all.
Donna Jochimsen: No, I'm not feeling manic i'm i'm having quite a bit of anxiety, I would say.
Donna Jochimsen: And some depression, maybe moderate depression. It's not severe but
Mary Kastner: It's there. Okay. So Donna, um, they didn't let me know that they put you in this slot. And I have another patient waiting. So I just want you to know that I feel your medicine.
Mary Kastner: This is Donna Joe kempson
Mary Kastner: Actually, I'm telling the transcriber she's here for brief reassurance her medications, who are called in
Mary Kastner: She is going to go get the labs, if they
Mary Kastner: Don't have an order call back into our deaths.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Talk to Danielle.
Mary Kastner: And tell her that, please get the order there. And then as soon as I am not operating in the dark.
Mary Kastner: If you could come to group maybe Donna on a
Donna Jochimsen: Monday I go to groups.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Maybe one of my groups like
Mary Kastner: Tuesday at noon, if you can just check in briefly.
Mary Kastner: I can tell you what the results are.
Mary Kastner: Or you. The other thing is you can make an appointment Monday or Tuesday we should have the results back when I work and we'll have a little 15 minute talk about the results and how you're feeling
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. Does that make sense.
Donna Jochimsen: It does make sense. I'll have to cancel appointment with Rebecca happens the therapist for that day, and maybe make it on Wednesday, but all arrange that.
Mary Kastner: Well, if you can't, it's important you keep Rebecca, as I understand that.
Mary Kastner: So,
Donna Jochimsen: I have the same
Mary Kastner: See two people in the
Donna Jochimsen: Same two providers on the same day. And I have my, my group.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah Suboxone on Monday and Rebecca on Tuesday. Oh.
Mary Kastner: Well, you know the other thing is, I could just have a Daniel give you a call. But what I want to know is that your depression is better, and you're not feeling manic and you're sleepy.
Donna Jochimsen: I am sleeping.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay, looking better.
Donna Jochimsen: leaping out kind of a lot
Mary Kastner: Sweet any other suicidal thoughts or anything.
Donna Jochimsen: No, no, no, sir.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. Um, so just a second.
Mary Kastner: I'm gonna
Mary Kastner: Get out of the screen. I mean, maybe I can't come on it.
Donna Jochimsen: Technology
Mary Kastner: Try to get
Mary Kastner: Some help with this.
Mary Kastner: Anyway, I have this patient waiting. So I don't think I'm going to be able to, but I'm
Mary Kastner: There, I think I did. Okay, I got out of there.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I don't know what I did, but I got out there. Um, so you're moderately depressed, where would you rate your the number 10 being the most depressed.
Donna Jochimsen: Six or seven
Mary Kastner: Okay, it's not good.
Donna Jochimsen: It's been worse.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm kind of bounce kind of bouncy, a little bit.
Donna Jochimsen: From being like real depressed.
Donna Jochimsen: Real how people are an optimistic and back to depress. I don't know.
Mary Kastner: Do you think thats related to
Donna Jochimsen: You know,
Donna Jochimsen: I'm not sure where stars on in the world are you think it's, it might be. I mean, we have the
Donna Jochimsen: The social this
Donna Jochimsen: Thing and you know it may, it may very well be. It might just be the I had a manic episode and some and usually that's followed by some kind of depressive episode.
Mary Kastner: The man in the episode, you have a manic episode.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm at the beginning of the month.
Mary Kastner: The end of last month.
Donna Jochimsen: Into the beginning of this month.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what will your symptoms.
Oh my
Donna Jochimsen: I didn't sleep for days. I
Donna Jochimsen: do crazy things in my house. I like take everything out of the closets and move them.
Donna Jochimsen: Around or I can't find
Donna Jochimsen: Anything I spent too much money.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and now you're up to 150 of the circle.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: And I'm probably
Mary Kastner: In your sleep. How many hours at night.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm sick today. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Good. Well, okay, let's leave it at that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, have your meds there in, you're going to get your labs done by Wednesday.
Mary Kastner: If you want, I'll just have somebody call you with the last with the lab results.
Mary Kastner: As far as the depression goes increase lithium. Give it some time. We'll see what the
Mary Kastner: Level is that should help. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, Donna. Thank you so much.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, thank you, Mary.
Mary Kastner: You're welcome. Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Hi, Sydney
Mary Kastner: Thanks for hanging in there.
Sydney Kent: No problem.
Mary Kastner: So what can I do for you today.
Sydney Kent: I don't, I'm not sure what his appointments for
Sydney Kent: But
Sydney Kent: I've been having a hard time the
Sydney Kent: Days ago on I had all my medications. My segment my soapbox and everything. They were stolen, actually. And so I basically been like off limits for a few days and I'm just not feeling that great.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I've refilled the mall yesterday.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: You just not feeling good, because of all that happened. Do you know what happened.
Sydney Kent: Was
Sydney Kent: Uh huh. No good. My girlfriend and I will ever gone all day and
When they
Mary Kastner: Said they were in a safe locks.
Sydney Kent: They were I'll get into that.
Sydney Kent: Will It's everywhere. We didn't even we didn't see the box. Like that's missing.
Sydney Kent: And
Mary Kastner: They just took the box.
Yeah, I go
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Somebody knows you have medicine in that box and they they went specifically for that. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So how do you plan to keep the meds now.
Sydney Kent: I don't know, probably keep it on my person.
Sydney Kent: Not to do
Mary Kastner: A lot of medicine be carrying around on your
Sydney Kent: Year or if I were to get another Lockbox I just hide it.
Mary Kastner: Now, did you get your Suboxone refill because I filled everything but that
No.
Mary Kastner: Because that's, you know, not one. I'm feeling. Dr. Jamison is filling that. So let me just check and see if she did anything that
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Sydney Kent: Well, the pharmacy and they can't fill it till tomorrow, but
Sydney Kent: Like I'm I've been with john
Sydney Kent: A couple of days. I mean, I went to the doctor. The hospital yesterday.
Sydney Kent: And they give me somebody text. So it was like seven o'clock at night and you know I usually take Suboxone today. So I was wondering
Sydney Kent: If they can't fill it today, like maybe if Dr. Jason could give me like a day's worth of salary text or something, cuz
Mary Kastner: I just can't afford you're sick.
Sydney Kent: Right now, so
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I hear you. Okay. Looks like I
Mary Kastner: Jamison gave you seven days on
Mary Kastner: On the 20th and today's a 26
Mary Kastner: So I could definitely put in a request that she feel that, but I felt this Seroquel
Mary Kastner: Yesterday, the Wellbutrin yesterday.
Mary Kastner: I do not want you off your Lamictal. Have you met. How many days you miss that.
Mary Kastner: Too.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, and I got a rash to when I didn't take it on my arm. It looks like it's going away.
Mary Kastner: So you've missed two days.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You have to go get that today. You can't miss more than two days without guard all over again.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I feel the both the field. The 200 yesterday and I feel that 25 are you taking 225 or 250
Sydney Kent: I take 225 I take the 200 in the morning and the 25 at night.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so go get those, those were filled yesterday.
Walden.
Mary Kastner: Pardon me.
Sydney Kent: Really at Walgreens. Is that where you were sent
Sydney Kent: CBS CBS
Mary Kastner: No, excuse me, Walgreens.
Mary Kastner: Shy Avenue. Okay. Do you want the Suboxone at CVS or Walgreens.
Sydney Kent: CVS, they send a 24 hour one, but I don't take and transfer it over typical day.
Mary Kastner: So you want to CVS on Shaw Avenue.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm gonna fill it for six days, when do you see Dr. Janice and again
Sydney Kent: I see you tomorrow in group.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and tomorrow group. Okay, so how about if I just give you a couple days worth in and
Sydney Kent: Ever
Mary Kastner: Take over. Okay. So it's three times a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So what kind of do withdrawal symptoms are you having
Sydney Kent: Guys.
Sydney Kent: Can the chills hot flashes, body aches stomach issues, nausea,
Sydney Kent: Nah, I wanted to do anything will lay there you know I can't sleep.
Sydney Kent: depressed, anxious, all the above
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Sydney Kent: The pharmacy said something about you guys like doing an early, early release thing on it because
Sydney Kent: Normally, they're not supposed to give it to me till tomorrow. So I don't know what that means.
Mary Kastner: Yeah i right all right that on there and you wouldn't hurt if you brought your police report into the pharmacy.
Sydney Kent: Okay, yeah, I have the number just not yet.
Mary Kastner: Well, before you got all this stolen. How you doing,
Sydney Kent: Okay. I mean, I've had a moment. But once I get better.
Mary Kastner: Was your mood adequate and you're asleep adequate.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, my soup is good.
Sydney Kent: And I knew
Sydney Kent: Better. I mean,
Sydney Kent: I don't want us to have a found anything not really seems to work other than just like yoga or something, holistic like that.
Mary Kastner: That's what works best for you is some kind of exercise.
Mary Kastner: CVS on Shaw is what I have for Suboxone. Do you want it at Walgreens.
Mary Kastner: Because the rest are at Walgreens.
Sydney Kent: Then they say take a data transfer.
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Sydney Kent: Then they said it would take a data transfer it
Mary Kastner: To who said, who said that
Jamie
Mary Kastner: But I'm putting it in right now. So my question is, do you want it at CVS or Walgreens because your other medicines at Walgreens.
Sydney Kent: Walgreens doesn't take my insurance but probably I just sent it to Walgreens. I think it was probably best actually
Mary Kastner: While your other medicines at Walgreens, and they don't take your, your farm your insurance.
Sydney Kent: Know,
Mary Kastner: What should I, should I switch all the others, then
Sydney Kent: Now it's okay, I can get it. I can get it at Walgreens, because I have a card on file. So it would be easier that way.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And so now this six strips of Suboxone you want at Walgreens.
Sydney Kent: Mm hmm. Okay.
Mary Kastner: On chai Avenue.
Sydney Kent: Yes.
Mary Kastner: So one China elemental today. And of course, you want the Suboxone today. Correct.
Mm hmm.
Sydney Kent: Nicer cool. I haven't slept really good either with
Mary Kastner: All of those meds.
Mary Kastner: All those meds, as I read to you are going to Walgreens.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm so sorry this happened because your mood, you said was pretty good. And you were sleeping.
Mary Kastner: How many hours at night.
Sydney Kent: Maybe seven
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Sydney Kent: Like, seven, eight.
Sydney Kent: Wow, it's like
Sydney Kent: 123 hours.
Sydney Kent: I slept two hours tonight before. And then last night was like maybe four
Mary Kastner: People that do this to other people. I just don't understand
Sydney Kent: You know, I don't either. I just really hope that the truth comes out.
Mary Kastner: Are you feeling like you want to hurt yourself or anybody else.
No.
Mary Kastner: This is weird.
Mary Kastner: This Seroquel I put in is at CVS and the Wellbutrin at Walgreens. The mitchells at CBS. The other limit those at Walgreens. This is all over the place Gabba Penton
Mary Kastner: Was at walk. I have to fix. I have to fix the Lamictal 25 to Walgreens, then
Mary Kastner: That is that your preference or the 200 okay yeah
Mary Kastner: Why does this think bounce back and forth. That's what I'd like to know.
Sydney Kent: Hey, I don't know, I think it was because yesterday, since it was Memorial Day.
Sydney Kent: And I had told them Walgreens, because I, I didn't know they were closed. So I think that's what happened with that.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Thank you. It's not me.
Sydney Kent: Because I had moved from Walgreens CVS. Um, but I think, in my opinion, Walgreens right now is better.
Sydney Kent: Just because I already have a card on file. I don't have to go through all of that to get to pick up medicine.
Mary Kastner: Going to Walgreens.
Mary Kastner: I looked at this.
Mary Kastner: Okay, Walgreens Walgreens.
Mary Kastner: Evil thyroxine is at CBS. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Gotta change it.
Mary Kastner: You taking one zero point
Mary Kastner: And you need to get your labs done
Sydney Kent: Okay, yeah, I'll do that.
Mary Kastner: Why does this keeps when you talk to them. Tell them to put Walgreens as your
Mary Kastner: Your primary
Mary Kastner: So this is Synthroid
Mary Kastner: Is that okay
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: They can substitute if
Mary Kastner: Your insurance doesn't pay for that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that's the problem. It keeps bouncing back to CVS. So they need to to put that in as your primary in the circle is also at CVS, so I'll have to fix that.
Mary Kastner: 300 milligrams of Seroquel
Mary Kastner: 200 I just put in and it went to it went to CBS
Mary Kastner: They keep bouncing back. Hmm.
Sydney Kent: This is a 3025 milligrams at Walgreens.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that is right that is put in there correctly, but the other one went to walk or to CVS.
Mary Kastner: I forget what they call that
Mary Kastner: Default I think they call default
Mary Kastner: Pharmacy.
Huh.
Mary Kastner: For Sydney can't
Mary Kastner: To Walgreens on Shaw.
Mary Kastner: Correct.
Sydney Kent: They did the CVS because my insurance takes it. That's what they do with that.
Mary Kastner: Well, what do you want is what I'm asking you, because I just changed them all.
Mary Kastner: And I'm asking them to change your default
Sydney Kent: Well, I mean, I can pick them up today at Walgreens, um,
Mary Kastner: But you don't want the default changed.
Sydney Kent: No, I don't think
Mary Kastner: So,
Sydney Kent: Yeah, because
Sydney Kent: Sorry. Okay. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm not gonna do that then. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Everything else should be in there.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, my dear. I'm sorry.
Mary Kastner: So I'm just going to get a cow school or on you if you can just hang in there a minute.
Sydney Kent: Know what your pulses.
Sydney Kent: Know, can you check your pulse for me, you know,
Mary Kastner: Do you know how to check your pulse.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, how do I count again.
Mary Kastner: Well, you find it now starter. Stop. Stop. Watch for you.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Start
Mary Kastner: Stop.
Mary Kastner: Just 30
Sydney Kent: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Okay, are you sweating.
Sydney Kent: I'm good. Not right now.
Mary Kastner: You have chills.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. Do you feel restless.
Sydney Kent: Oh yeah, for sure.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, can you get close enough so I can see your pupils.
Mary Kastner: Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: And what your pain level.
Sydney Kent: I'm about a five right now.
Sydney Kent: Last night I got about nine. It was really bad.
Mary Kastner: Runny nose.
Sydney Kent: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Put your hands out. Let me see if there
Mary Kastner: Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: And you said, nausea,
Mary Kastner: And you're anxious. What's your anxiety level.
Sydney Kent: Probably
Sydney Kent: Probably a sixth
Mary Kastner: OK. And then, and you have any goosebumps.
Sydney Kent: Mm hmm.
Sydney Kent: Yep.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay 14 moderate withdraw cure cow scores 14 with moderate withdrawal.
Mary Kastner: So this is Sydney can
Mary Kastner: She's here because her Lockbox with their medications, who are stolen and she's requesting that we we fill their meds, which I did yesterday. However, they were sent to the CVS pharmacy, which is her default pharmacy.
Mary Kastner: And now today she wants him at Walgreens, but she wants to keep the CVS as your default
Mary Kastner: Is she's not feeling well. She's in withdrawal cow score 14 moderate withdraw. She had chills hot flashes, body aches, nausea, depression, anxiety,
Mary Kastner: She went to the emergency room last night and got a sub you text, but today she's not feeling well, she's going to go to get her medicine as soon as we get off the visit, because she is been out of Lamictal. Now for two days and can't go any longer or she's going to wind up having to
Mary Kastner: To start all over on her tight ration of Olympic doses bipolar patient and had been getting pretty moderate relief with your mood and sleeping up to seven hours and night and US night. How many hours did you sleep Sydney
Sydney Kent: Or
Mary Kastner: You didn't really
Know,
Sydney Kent: Maybe one to two. Yes.
Mary Kastner: So we want to get her back to her stable.
Mary Kastner: Stable so
Mary Kastner: So, uh, my assessment is in his opioid withdrawal moderate and our objective is to get her back on her medications, not feeling suicidal low suicide risk and no thoughts to hurt any others. No dosage changes all the men stay the same. Have you had any labs done recently.
Sydney Kent: Or you can go get them the day if if I have time
Mary Kastner: Yeah, they're all paper labs for some reason.
Mary Kastner: So when you're
Mary Kastner: When you can, you need to get your labs done
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, Sydney. Any questions for me.
Sydney Kent: I'm
Mary Kastner: Okay, I hope you feel better.
Sydney Kent: Thank you.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you take care
Sydney Kent: All right. You too.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Bye.